hi guys welcome back Chinon the Hugh
Jeffries video in this video I'm gonna
be attempting to resurrect this 2017
MacBook Pro I traded a refurbished
iPhone 6s along with only $20 that's
right only $20 for this 2017 Mac laptop
the previous owner had two of these Mac
books this one and another with a crack
display using the two machines they
created a fully functional one which
they kept and this one which contained
the faulty parts and that laptop was
sold to me the MacBook Pro I purchased
was described to me as having a
non-functional keyboard trackpad and a
cracked display while I didn't receive a
charger with the laptop I was quite
happy with my purchase my name for this
laptop is to assess the reason why the
keyboard and trackpad don't work see if
its eligible for the free keyboard
replacement from Apple and then
hopefully be able to replace the cracked
display and bring this laptop back into
a fully functional condition but before
we get started I'd like to thank the
team over at iFixit for sponsoring this
video get parts tools and guides at
ifixit.com slash you Jeffries or at the
link below for those wondering why I
could possibly get such a new Mac for
only $20 the owner was looking for a
phone upgrade for their mother and had
this broken laptop that they didn't want
to spend the money on to have repaired
they also included some old iPhone logic
boards for me to practice on in the
package that I received which was
absolutely awesome
most of these are either dead or iCloud
locked so they're not functional phones
but that is something good just to screw
around with and get some practice now as
for this MacBook I pulled it out and
just press the power button to see if it
had any sort of charge it didn't so I
had to go out and borrow a charger from
someone and I could power on the laptop
the first thing obviously I noticed was
the screen is cracked and I actually
managed to crack it more just cleaning
the screen with a microfiber cloth and
that just shows how fragile that display
really is I hooked up a external monitor
keyboard and mouse and was able to array
the SSD drive which is in fact 256 gigs
so it's the same size as my iPod Classic
thankfully this isn't the base model
which shipped with a 128 gigabyte SSD
getting along with the installation I'm
going to be installing Mac OS Mojave and
once I set this up on the machine I'm
going to be able to perform some basic
troubleshooting just to see whether this
is a software issue or is something more
deeper into the system of the computer I
jumped into system profiler and took a
look at the USB tree and you can see my
keyboard and mouse that I have hooked up
externally but none of the internal
keyboard or trackpad is showing up in
this diagram which has me thinking that
there's something wrong on the logic
board taking a look at the power
settings I also noticed that the battery
is not charging has zero charge cycles
and has zero charge capacity so it is
not looking good at the moment for this
MacBook Pro as soon as I unplug the USBC
cable the device will shut off which is
obviously showing that the laptop isn't
detecting the battery at all so I'm
going to open up the machine to take a
look inside and make sure there is no
indication of water damage which of
course would render the keyboard
replacement program not applicable to
this machine at a first glance all of
the water indicators still white on the
upper side of the logic board but I want
to remove the board itself so I can take
a look at the other side make sure
there's no corrosion any damage before I
take it in and have its keyboard looked
at now this is quite a difficult process
given the extensive amount of cables
brackets and screws that need to be
removed before we can wiggle out this
delicate logic board from the MacBook
Pro now it's quite odd that the keyboard
trackpad and battery all don't function
now I did get in contact with the guy I
purchased this off and he said that the
battery was working when he was last
using it so it seems a little strange
that all these things have failed so
hopefully it isn't a board level issue
and if the keyboard is replaced I will
be able to have a fully functional
MacBook Pro again with the logic board
finally removed we
can take a closer look at it with some
high-resolution photos from these photos
I couldn't find any issues with the
board and I've left them in here so you
can take a look and see whether you
notice anything abnormal with the logic
board but to me it's looking pretty good
so I reassembled the laptop and brought
it into my nearest Apple reseller I told
them I had opened the device verified
that there was no water damage or liquid
damage with the device and couldn't
figure out why the keyboard trackpad and
battery all didn't function now I only
went in for the keyboard replacement but
I was told the keyboard is actually not
replaceable but rather the whole upper
case needed to be replaced now this is
seen with all the new MacBook Pro models
is that the keyboard is fused to the
aluminum housing which means Apple
doesn't just replace the keyboard but
they also replace the trackpad the
battery and the whole upper shell of the
laptop the repair was approved showing
only the power button was functional on
the keyboard however if Apple was to
reject my old top case given physical
damage liquid not a genuine part or the
new top case serial number couldn't be
paired I would have to pay the outer
warranty costs fortunately my old top
case was accepted as faulty and a new
one was fitted the new top case brought
back the keyboard and trackpad function
however the new battery still wasn't
detected multiple top cases were tried
on the laptop over the course of a few
weeks with various issues affecting the
replacement top case assemblies
I eventually received a call that they
had shipped my laptop to Apple to have a
look at around 2 weeks later I received
a call that the logic board had been
replaced and I was ready to pick up my
new macbook pro in working condition
upon picking up my device I was told
that the shot was invoiced $700 for the
repairs a few days later they sorted out
the issue for me and I picked up my
macbook pro free of charge so all that's
left to fix now is that cracked LCD and
for this repair I'm going to be using a
magnetic mat from iFixit and iFixit Pro
tact toolkit and a replacement display
which you guessed it is also from iFixit
this fits the 2016 and 2
17 MacBook Pros so I'm going to need to
reopen the MacBook Pro take a look to
see if anything looks different on the
inside
now that they've replaced just about
everything in this machine the bottom
cover is quite hard to remove given the
two very strong clips on either side but
once you get them loose the bottom cover
will come off you can see them here on
the left and right hand sites inside I'm
going to disconnect the battery before I
remove the display as I don't want to
damage my brand-new logic board inside
the machine you can see that they didn't
apply some adhesive onto that cable
there however that's not a big deal as
I'll do that myself when reassembling
the device removing the display is quite
a time-consuming process given the seven
different driver bits that are needed to
perform the repair there is a variety of
torques and Apple's own pentalobe it
throughout the repair compared to
previous generations of MacBook Pro I
found this device much more difficult to
repair one upside though to this USB see
non touch bar MacBook Pro is that it has
a replaceable SSD drive which is not
found in the touch bar models of these
machines SSDs only have a certain number
of read and write cycles per chip and
eventually they do wear out and need
replacing however with the newer MacBook
Pros that have the touch bar they're all
soldered to the logic board of the
device meaning that if the SSD drive
fails there is no physical way of
replacing it without complex micro
soldiering now that I've removed all of
the screws I can remove that space gray
display from the frame we are now
halfway through the repair and that
means it's time to crack out a
replacement iFixit LCD panel and get
that installed on this map of Pro
sliding it out of the plastic you'll
notice it's in a heap of protective
films which will help us not damage it
when we actually go to install the
screen back onto the device now when you
get your replacement display it is
likely that the hinges will be pushed
into a closed position I'll need to bend
those outward so I can actually fit this
back onto the frame and attach the
screws
it can take some persuasion to be able
to align the screen and get it through
the gap once you tighten the screws you
may notice the screen is not aligned
with the rest of the computer in this
case all you need to do is loosen the
three screws move the display into the
correct position and tighten the screws
again after you've correctly aligned it
you can continue on reassembling the
rest of the device you want to proceed
with caution when reinstalling the
display as the display cables are very
fragile so make sure that they're not
pinched when you install any of the
screws or the antenna
lastly I'll need to install all the
remaining screws brackets and
connections before it can test out the
laptop
I won't completely assemble the device
without testing it first to verify that
everything is functional before I go and
install the bottom cover there's a lot
of screws to cover here so this can take
a serious amount of time now that we've
installed the new display all like need
to do is reconnect the battery with the
one screw connect up this cable above it
and we can open up a laptop and give it
a test at first it didn't show any signs
of life but it appeared just to be a
little bit of lag between pressing the
power button and the display lighting up
I can set up the Mac for the first time
as it had been erased after the repairs
booting in it seems to be working so
it's time to reassemble the last bits of
the device before we can have a fully
functional laptop using some alcohol I
could give the insider clean to remove
any of my fingerprints reinstall the
plastic piece protecting the battery
connection and remove any of the old
residue that was left on the SSD drive
once the inside was looking brand new we
essentially had a brand new MacBook Pro
it was time to reinstall the bottom
cover and seal up this MacBook for good
six pentalobe screws are all that
remains to this repair I like to put
them in as starting at the corners first
to make sure the bottom plate aligns
correctly I could then get some more
cleaning alcohol and remove some residue
that was left by a sticker I could then
remove the plastic film from the top lid
of the new display and lastly remove the
plastic film from the inside of the
screen and we're done so this is it a
2017 macbook pro with a 33 centimeter
display 256 gig SSD eight gigs of ram
and a 2.3 gigahertz intel core i5 the
battery is brand new and only has three
charge cycles and the rest of the
computer is now fully functional the
total cost of this macbook was around
600 u.s. dollars as replacement displays
are very expensive on Mac laptops and on
that note this has been a huge EFI's
video if you liked what you saw hit that
subscribe button and consider checking
out the restoration playlist for more
videos just like this one also make sure
to follow me on my social media so you
don't miss any of the behind the scenes
content I'll leave a link for that
the description that's all for this
video and I'll catch you guys next time